Travis McQueen was a loner
undercover in the heart of darkness
he was taking down the Capo's of the
heaviest gang of LA and so people can
make a clock but they have to sell to us
your offers only ten cents on the dollar
anybody who's kind of problem but the
white bitch I run here will deal with me
this is the gentleman you've heard so
much about then he tells me he has a
good man when a ghost from the past the
same unit
didn't think a hundred of your ten
soldiers could taking that money he
became a man with no past all my
virginity with only one friend beside
him
UID Union carves a whole new identity
and the world against him if McQuaid's
going to survive he has to return to the
place where it all began
I know something just doesn't seem right
about
like he's alive that's impossible
you think you can take
the waterfronts starring Corey Feldman
Timothy bottoms this time we're gonna do
it my way
Scott Valentine will you lie to me again
remember half of the sources Martin
Coles
if I wanted you dead I would kill you 10
years ago Johnny McClure you story like
roxanna's all these came here and LP
Brown I've got a job to finish like
water frogs